The Southern Bra modeling shop
Those pure words are from S tilt ...
Wait!
Lett's order five people on a fluke ì‹ Ginseng
Who still lifespan
We entered the machine
What?
What do you mean?
I'm just saying.
What's that?
I'm just saying that I'm sorry.
I'm not angry.
Where are you going?
Come on, come here.
Something's falling here.
Come and see.
What?
I have a letter for you.
On March 20th,
I will be sending you a letter
to the late Prince Honjo-Suke.
I understand.
I'll show you this letter.
What?
This?
Yes, yes.
I'll show you.
What?
The late Prince Honjo-Suke
is going to be shot and killed.
He's going to be a great man.
That's all.
He's going to be cut off.
I'll show you.
I'm sure you don't like
the compact letters.
This is all
I hate.
I don't like the mosquitoes.
Let's go.
The water is getting cold.
Where's the shadow?
Yes.
I'll show you.
That's all.
I'm sorry.
I'll show you.
Translated by Releska